Engineering and Technology - Singapore - Internship Job Positions - Careers | Shopee Singapore
Back
Department
President's Office
Regional Buyer Experience
Shopee COO Office
Business Development and Partnerships
Business Intelligence and Data Analytics
Compliance
Cross Border eCommerce
Data Science
Design
Engineering and Technology
Finance
Legal
Marketing
Operations
People
Product Management
Risk Management
Shopee & Monee Programmes
Level
Internship
Entry Level
Experienced (Individual Contributor)
Experienced (Team Lead)
Location
Brazil - São Paulo
China - Beijing
China - Shanghai
China - Shenzhen
Indonesia - Bandung
Indonesia - Bekasi
Indonesia - Jakarta
Indonesia - Medan
Indonesia - Solo
Indonesia - Yogyakarta
Japan - Tokyo
Malaysia - Kuala Lumpur
Malaysia - Sabah
Malaysia - Sarawak
Mexico - Mexico City
Philippines - Manila
Singapore
South Korea - Seoul
Taipei
Thailand - Bangkok
Vietnam - Hanoi
Vietnam - Ho Chi Minh City
reset
confirm
Available Positions
12 positions
Site Reliability Engineer Intern, Data Infra (Aug - Dec 2025)
Engineering and Technology
Internship
Singapore
Technical Product Manager Intern, Engineering Infra (Aug - Dec 2025)
Engineering and Technology
Internship
Singapore
Site Reliability Engineer Intern, Engineer Infra - NDRE (Aug - Dec 2025)
Engineering and Technology
Internship
Singapore
Backend Engineer Intern, Engineering Infra - Shopee Tech Services (Aug - Dec 2025)
Engineering and Technology
Internship
Singapore
Backend Engineer Intern, Engineering Infra - DBaaS (Aug - Dec 2025)
Engineering and Technology
Internship
Singapore
Project Manager Intern, Engineering Infra - MRE (Aug-Dec 2025)
Engineering and Technology
Internship
Singapore
Site Reliability Engineer Intern, Engineering Infra (Aug - Dec 2025)
Engineering and Technology
Internship
Singapore
Backend Engineer Intern, Data Infra - Platform (Aug - Dec 2025)
Engineering and Technology
Internship
Singapore
Project Manager Intern, Data Infra - Solution (Aug-Dec 2025)
Engineering and Technology
Internship
Singapore
Technical Product Manager Intern, Data Infra (Aug - Dec 2025)
Engineering and Technology
Internship
Singapore
view more
Our Hiring Process
1
Apply for the Position
2
Phone Interview with our Recruiter
3
Online Test or Assignment (if applicable)
4
Face-to-face Interviews with our Hiring Managers
5
Offer
FAQ
Full time
Internship
Tech
I wish to include more details in my resume, do I re-submit my application?
You may email the recruiter who has gotten back to you regarding your application and request to update your resume.
However, you may re-submit your application again with the updated resume if you have just submitted your previous application recently.
Can I apply for more than one role at the same time?
Yes, you may apply for multiple roles but our recruiters will offer you a role based on your best fit! Do note that you can only interview for one role at a time.
Can I re-apply to the same role if I did not get it previously?
Yes, if the position has not been filled, you may apply for the role again. However, we recommend you to upskill yourself before you re-apply for the same role.
How can I know my application status?
Our recruiters will keep you updated on your application status and the next steps of the hiring process via email. Kindly allow some time for recruiters to get back to you.
What do recruiters look out for during phone interviews?
Recruiters want to hear about your skills and experiences as well as your interest in joining Shopee. They also look out for enthusiasm and cultural fit, so just be yourself! Most importantly, show your passion for Shopee.
How should I prepare for my phone interview with the recruiter?
Do your research about Shopee and understand about our people and culture. Also, read up on the role you have applied for and think of how you can contribute to the team with your experience and skill sets.
What to expect for face-to-face interviews?
Our hiring managers want to know about you and also put your skills to a test! Expect some behavioral, hypothetical, or case-based questions which are related to the role which you have applied for.
How many rounds of face-to-face interviews are there?
The number of interview rounds vary according to the job type and seniority of the role. You will be informed by the recruiter on the number of interview rounds. Don’t worry, our hiring managers just want to get to know you better and it is also your chance to get to understand the role and team better!
Is there an alternative arrangement if I am overseas during the period  for the face-to-face interviews?
Yes, we may be able to organise online video interviews for you. Do inform us in advance so that our recruitment coordinators can make the necessary arrangement for you.
I am unable to attend the interview at the scheduled time as I have something urgent to attend to, what should I do?
To reschedule your interview, you may reach out to our recruiter or recruitment coordinator whom you are in contact with. They will keep you updated if the interview has been successfully rescheduled.
Where can I get more interview or career tips from Shopee employees?
You can check out our
videos
and
blog articles
featuring our Team Shopee members who share interview tips, career advice and more, to support you on your application journey ahead.
More
I am interested in submitting an internship application but I graduated a few months ago; am I still eligible to apply?
You are strongly encouraged to apply for our full-time roles upon graduation to perform more meaningful tasks and have more learning opportunities.
When is the hiring period for interns; when should I start applying?
We hire interns all year round! There is no specific period for internship application and you may check out our job listings for internship opportunities.
How long is an internship period typically like? Can I choose my internship period?
The recommended duration of an internship is at least 3 months so that you are able to take on a meaningful project to learn. Extension of the internship period may be allowed subjected to business needs and the hiring manager's approval.
I can undertake an internship only between specific dates due to my University requirements. Is that possible?
Our recruiters will check on your availability period during the phone interview. If you are shortlisted to subsequent interview rounds with the hiring manager, you will also have the opportunity to discuss your availability directly with them.
Can I still undertake an internship while studying in the same semester?
Yes, we offer part-time internships for certain roles! Do let the recruiters know that you are looking for a part-time internship during the phone interview.
What is the number of working days required for a part-time internship with Shopee?
Our part-time internship requires an intern to work for a minimum of 3 working days per week. Our recruiters can share more about the flexible working hours of the part-time internship during your phone interview with them.
Will I be offered a full-time conversion if I am doing an internship with Shopee?
Yes we do convert interns to full-timers! The conversion largely depends on your internship performance as well as business needs.
More
Do I need a degree in computer science or computer engineering to apply for a tech position in Shopee?
No, we are open to a degree of all majors for our tech positions. It is however, advantageous if you have a computer science or computer engineering degree.
Beyond your qualifications, we also consider your overall skills and experiences. Relevant internship or part-time work experiences will definitely be an add-on bonus!
Do I need prior experience in tech roles to apply for tech positions in Shopee?
No, we are open to hire fresh graduates as well!
We are open to consider your profile if you have picked up Computer Science related knowledge on your own or you were involved in any personal tech projects. Having relevant internships or part-time work experiences will give you an edge.
What should I expect for technical interviews?
As we are putting your skills to a test, be prepared for assessments on coding, logical, divergent thinking ability and other related computer science skills based on your applied role. For instance, data structures, algorithm coding, domain knowledge, computer science fundamentals etc.
How many rounds of technical interviews are there?
You may expect up to 3 rounds of technical interviews. Do note that actual assessment procedures will vary according to your applied role.
How are technical interviews conducted?
Our technical interview rounds are conducted onsite. However, if you are overseas, we will schedule an online technical interview for you.
How long is each technical interview?
Each technical interview typically lasts for one and a half hours, our recruiters will let you know on the actual test duration.
How will I know what topics to prepare for my technical interviews?
Our recruiters will advise you on the theme that will be tested for each technical interview. For instance, data structures, algorithms etc.
To start to prepare early, you can even find out what are the topics to prepare for, based on the requirements in the job description of the role which you have applied for.
How do I prepare for my technical interviews?
Based on the theme tested for the technical interview, you can take up technical classes or find online practices on the stated programming languages or frameworks/models.
More
Follow us
Shopee Career
Home
About
Why Shopee
Events
Jobs
Students
tech
More
Sea
Garena
Monee
Copyright © 2025 Shopee. Trademarks belong to their respective owners. All rights reserved.
Terms of service
Privacy policy